= YahooCurrency

Retrieve currency exchange rates from Yahoo! Finance.

== The Yahoo! Finance Service

URL to fetch the AUD to USD exchange rate

    http://download.finance.yahoo.com/d/quotes.csv?s=AUDUSD=X&f=nl1d1t1

Although the Yahoo! service supports multiple rates values from one request, 
this class does not yet support this functionality yet.

  $ curl "http://download.finance.yahoo.com/d/quotes.csv?s=USDCAD=X+JPYUSD=X+GBPUSD=X+USDJPY=X+EURUSD=X&f=nl1d1t1"
  "USD to CAD",1.0191,"6/18/2008","2:45am"
  "JPY to USD",0.0093,"6/18/2008","2:45am"
  "GBP to USD",1.9514,"6/18/2008","2:44am"
  "USD to JPY",108.085,"6/18/2008","2:45am"
  "EUR to USD",1.5493,"6/18/2008","2:44am"
  
== Features

* So easy to use, even a baby could find out what his currency is trading at.
* Tested with Ruby 1.8.7 and 1.9.1

== Example

  exchange_rate = YahooCurrency.get_rate!("JPY", "USD")
  exchange_rate.from #=> "JPY"
  exchange_rate.to #=> "USD"
  exchange_rate.rate #=> 0.0111
  exchange_rate.timestamp #=> Wed Feb 11 22:20:00 +0800 2009

== References

* http://gummy-stuff.org/forex.htm
* http://www.thinkruby.org/tags/currency-converter
* http://finance.yahoo.com/currency 
* http://gummy-stuff.org/Yahoo-data.htm

== License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Global IT Creations Pte Ltd http://www.globalitcreations.com

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

